Add Noble to README (#16)
canonical/intel-graphics-preview: README.md

## 1. Introduction
This project is a collaboration between Intel and Canonical to provide early preview of kernel and userspace support for new Intel GPUs.  Some components are directly from Ubuntu archives and some are from a [PPA](https://launchpad.net/~kobuk-team/+archive/ubuntu/intel-graphics).  

> While the mainline Ubuntu 24.04 and 24.10 kernel already has much of the support, we are using the `linux-intel` kernel from the PPA at this time because of some additional patches that have not landed in the mainline kernel yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the mainline Ubuntu 24.04 and 24.10 already has much of the support, we are using the `linux-intel` kernel and updated userspace components from the PPA to provide full functionality.  Once they land in mainline Ubuntu, they will be deprecated from this PPA.  
```
